# CPS-3320-01
Repo for CPS 3320(01) projects
#Project 1 Link:
Description: A python data analyses program which utilizes the pandas library along with a Kaggle dataset of every NBA Finals series starting from 1980 - 2018. Determines how big of an impact rebounding is when determining the winner of the Nba Finals by breaking down teams rebounds in games they won vs games they lossed.
#Project 2 Link:
Description:The central purpose of the program is for the user to open an image on their computer by entering the images file path and then adding a filter to the image which in this case the blur filter was chosen. The Pillow library we found to be a very powerful image manipulation library that can do many processes with an image. Besides adding a blur filter the library can be used to add gray scale to an image and enhance the image brightness or sharpness.
#Project 3 Link:
Description: The Personal Finance Tracker and Visualizer project is a software program made to assist users in properly managing their finances. The absence of accessible tools that enable people to take charge of their own finances and the social issue of financial illiteracy served as the inspiration for the project. We became aware of this issue from chats with friends and family members who frequently battled with budgeting and financial planning. The software's main purpose is to give users an easy-to-use interface for tracking their spending across several categories, displaying their spending patterns, and establishing savings targets. The purpose of the program is to empower users to take control of their financial goals by encouraging them to become more aware of their spending habits.
